"About Godrick"
So. Godrick the Grafted, Lord of Stormveil.
Despite being the blood of Godfrey, first Elden Lord, he's a grotesque old fool, grasping for power.
His castle lies upon the cliff to Limgrave's northwest.
...but I suspect you know that well enough already.
"About Radahn"
General Radahn, the famed Red Lion and scourge of the stars, is a ferocious warrior.
He fought Malenia and her rot to a standstill in the Caelid Wilds to Limgrave's east.
And now Caelid has been engulfed by the scarlet rot, even approaching the region is no mean feat.
I've heard survivors of Radahn's army are still in the wilds, staving off the rot with fire.
And if it's true, I suspect Radahn is still there as well, in Caelid.
Though I doubt he much resembles his former self anymore...
"About Radahn" (second time)
General Radahn, the famed Red Lion and scourge of the stars, is a ferocious warrior.
He fought Malenia and her rot to a standstill in the Caelid Wilds to Limgrave's east.
And by my reckoning Radahn remains there, even now.
Though I doubt he much resembles his former self anymore...
"About Rykard"
Praetor Rykard is the Lord of the Volcano Manor on Mt. Gelmir.
He is a ruthless justiciar who commands a company of inquisitors, reviled for his serpentine demeanour.
The volcano, Mt. Gelmir, lies in the west of the Altus Plateau; the realm of the Erdtree.
It was the stage of the most appalling battle in the entirety of the Shattering.
Rykard has committed the grave sin of blasphemy. Marking himself as an enemy, never to be forgiven.
"About Morgott"
Morgott the Grace-Given is Lord of Leyndell, the capital city.
It lies at the foot of the Erdtree, in the east of the Altus Plateau.
But the Two Fingers forbid us from venturing there.
Until we've acquired enough Great Runes to repair the Elden Ring.
Set your sights elsewhere for the time being. The Veiled Monarch can wait.
"About Morgott" (second time)
Morgott the Grace-Given is Lord of Leyndell, the capital city.
It lies at the foot of the Erdtree, in the east of the Altus Plateau.
But the Two Fingers forbid us from venturing there.
Until we've acquired enough Great Runes to repair the Elden Ring.
"About Rennala"
The Academy of Raya Lucaria lies to Limgrave's north, towering over the mist-laden lands of Liurnia.
Rennala is the queen of the Carian royals, who govern the academy.
But Rennala herself is no demigod.
She is merely the recipient of an amber egg, given to her by Radagon,
Her beloved, Radagon, left her to become Queen Marika's second husband, taking the title of King Consort.
The Great Rune dwells within the amber egg that was Radagon's gift to her.
"About Rennala" (second time)
The Academy of Raya Lucaria lies to Limgrave's north, towering over the mist-laden lands of Liurnia.
Rennala is the queen of the Carian royals, who govern the academy.
And her Great Rune dwells within the egg she so dearly clutches.
